# Digital Market Place
A marketplace application developed in flutter

## Introduction
This repo is an effort to implement best practices that one can take while making an app in Flutter. Obviously, it does not bound anyone to any specific choices, it is us showcasing how we think flutter application can be developed in one of the ways.

### Prerequisites
This repo assumes that you have already setup **Android Studio/Xcode** and **Flutter** on your computer. If not, then please install those first and run the command `flutter doctor`.

### Instructions to setting up
1. First clone into this repo and also the `dmp_backend` repo.
2. In terminal, run the command `flutter get` on the root folder.
3. Again in terminal run the command, `flutter packages pub run build_runner`, this will create all the autogenerated files in the project.
4. Setup the `dmp_backend` repo on either `localhost` or your own server.
5. Update the `ApiClient baseUrl` and run the application from your editor. Your application will be up and running now.

### Suggestions ?
Know a better way to go around things? Found any issues/bugs? We are all ears to listen to those. Contributions are always welcome.

### Credits
Thanks to **Flutter** team at **Google** who by their effort created this awesome framework. Special thanks to **Brian Egan**, **John Ryan** and **David Morgan**, who created the awesome *redux*, *flutter_redux*, and *built_value* libraries and not to forget **Dan Abramov** who introduced redux to the world.